Mmake kenticoVersion entry an array and rename it to kenticoVersions (#8)
Kentico/devnet.kentico.com: README.md

| author<sup>2</sup>      | string | Name of the author and company if aplicable. (max 40 characters).|
| sourceUrl      | string | Url to the extension (must be using HTTPS).|
| version<sup>3</sup>      | string | Last version of the extension version (must follow the [semantic versioning](http://semver.org)).|
| kenticoVersions<sup>4</sup>      | array of strings | Kentico supported versions (version entries must follow the [semantic versioning](http://semver.org)).|
| category      | string | Category of the extension. (One of these string `module`, `webpart`, `website template`, `utility`, `mvc widget`, `mvc section`, `mvc form component`, `mvc inline editor`, `mvc personalization condition type`, `other`)|
| tag      | array of strings | List that tags you want to mark an extension with.|

> <sup>1</sup> You could provide the icon to the [assets](/marketplace/assets) folder as a part of the pull request and use URL format as is showcased in the [example configuration](#example-configuration) for the `thumbnailUrl` configuration property.

> <sup>2</sup> If you want to bind your activity with Kentico Partner Program, provide the company name.

> > <sup>3</sup> Recommended is to start version numbering from `1.0.0`, but there are no limitations until the versioning following the [semantic versioning](http://semver.org). Specified version is supposed to be bound to the last entry of the `kenticoVersionsArray`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <sup>3</sup> Recommended is to start version numbering from `1.0.0`, but there are no limitations until the versioning following the [semantic versioning](http://semver.org). Specified version is supposed to be bound to the last entry of the `kenticoVersions` array.
```

> > <sup>4</sup> Version of the Kentico EMS that the extension is referencing. The array is for keeping the record what version were the extension released in the past. Last one is assumed to be bound to the `version` record. Recommended approach is to have a table explaining what extension version is compatible with what Kentico EMS version in the description linked in `sourceUrl` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <sup>4</sup> A Version of the Kentico EMS that the extension is referencing. The array is for keeping the record what version was the extension released in the past. The last one is assumed to be bound to the `version` record. A recommended approach is to have a table explaining what extension version is compatible with what Kentico EMS version in the description linked in `sourceUrl` attribute.
```

> > <sup>4</sup> A Version of the Kentico EMS that the extension is referencing. The array is for keeping the record what version was the extension released in the past. The last one is assumed to be bound to the `version` record. A recommended approach is to have a table explaining what extension version is compatible with what Kentico EMS version in the description linked in `sourceUrl` attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
> <sup>4</sup> A version of the Kentico EMS that the extension is referencing. The array is for keeping the record of what Kentico version was supported in past extension releases. The last one is assumed to be bound to the `version` record. A recommended approach is to have a table mapping the extension version to Kentico EMS version in the description linked in `sourceUrl` attribute.
```
